Hello, Odd Thoughts listeners. So, you
are about to listen to an episode that
we recorded back in April when there was
a lot of news around trade and tariffs.
So, you might hear us reference that
quite heavily. It's a very interesting
episode and I think you'll enjoy it.
Take a listen.
Bloomberg Audio Studios podcasts, radio,
news.
[Music]
Hello and welcome to another episode of
the All Thoughts Podcast. I'm Tracy
Aloway and I'm Joe Weisenthal. Joe, do
you remember when you were a kid?
Presumably, you went on road trips like
across America. Do do you remember how
filthy cars used to get on road trips
because of like hitting millions and
thousands of insects? Do you remember
this? I thought you were going to say
how cars how filthy cars get inside and
like and I was like my car is filthy
inside. It's disgusting. But I do
remember that and I you know there are
like weird things like people like you
know like insects and like people have
talked about how like this is like one
of those mysteries. It's kind of like
chemtrail. Why don't car windshields get
filthy anymore? Yes, they used to. Yeah.
I didn't know this was ever going to
become an Oddlos topic, so I'm
pleasantly surprised. Well, I have a lot
of thoughts on this. So, one, the
buggiest place I ever used to visit was
in Arkansas with my grandma in the
summer. And I remember like the car just
being like disgusting. Not only because
of insects, but because there are also a
lot of armadillos there. And armadillos,
I don't know if you know this, but when
they're frightened, they jump up. So,
they tend to get caught in like truck
girls. Anyway, this is probably too much
information, but I also I tried to read
a book on insects once and the lack
thereof in today's natural world, I
guess, and it was called The Insect
Crisis, and it's one of the few books
that I had to stop reading after like
three chapters because I just found it
too depressing. By the way, I just want
to say a I like that whenever this
episode is getting released, we're
recording this April 24th. I appreciate
a break from like we're not talking
about tariffs every second to you
mentioned armadillos. It reminds me of
the famous uh sort of left-wing Texas
populist Jim High Tower wrote a book
there's nothing in the middle of the
road but yellow stripes and dead
armadillos a work of political
subversion. So thank you for reminding
me of that book. And three I don't
remember the other thing I was going to
say so keep going. Okay. Well, anyway,
you know, I'm starting on a depressing
topic, which is there has been this
notable decline in insects over the past
couple decades. And if you talk to old
people like us, Joe and me, we will say
that there is a notable lack of insects
just when you're out and about and, you
know, driving on highways or whatever.
But all of that said, this isn't a doom
and gloom episode cuz we're actually
going to be talking about some
interesting efforts to kind of arrest
that decline. And you know Joe and I,
we've taken an interest in biotechnology
recently, especially in the context of
the US versus China, but human biotech
is not the only thing out there. There
is a pretty big industry around animal
and insect biotech and I know nothing
about it pretty much and I find it very
interesting and we should talk about it.
We should and also look pets and animals
are a huge industry and so for when it
comes to biotech non-human animals are
huge and of course the other context
besides the US versus China in biotech
is of course the cutting or the gutting
some would say of sort of core research
from the federal government level. So
this intersects with industrial and
political trends and so even though it's
not a tariff episode I'm looking forward
to well not just that so you know one of
the foremost examples of insect species
that has been in decline is honeybees of
course and those are constantly in the
news the lack of honey bees and we all
know if we don't have as many honeybees
well then we don't have as much honey
but we also don't have as much other
types of foods because they are very
important pollinators you know I just
one last thing for me when I was in
college I lived in a vegan a vegan co-op
at the University of Texas. Beehive. No,
but I had this business idea. Oh, we
should have handpollinated produce and
sell it to grocery stores saying this is
the only true vegan produce you can have
cuz we don't even use bees in the
process. I never did it, but I thought
that'd be a good business. Oh my god.
Have you ever handpollinated something?
No. It's fun. Oh, so you can do it. You
Yeah. I mean, you get like a little like
feather or a little rag and you sort of
spread the pollen around while doing
your best like impression. You have to
be in the mindset of a bee. If I were
back at, you know, 22 years old, I'd
make a big radical stand about only
eating handpollinated produce. Don't
Don't make the bees work. That's cruel.
Okay. All right. Clearly, we could talk
about bees and insects and armadillos
for probably another hour or so, but why
don't we get straight to our guest? We
have the perfect guest. We're going to
be speaking with Annette Kaiser. She is
the CEO over at Don Animal Health, which
has been doing some really, really
interesting things in the field of
animal biotech. So Annette, thank you so
much for coming on our thoughts. Thank
you so much for having me. It's a
pleasure to be here. I'm very excited to
talk about something other than the
tariffs for a start and uh I I do like
talking about the natural world, but
like first off, why don't we just kind
of add some context to where we are. Why
is animal biotech an important field to
be investing in? Well, a lot of of what
we depend on in food and aquaculture.
You talked about pets, of course, they,
you know, companions. They're very, very
important to us. But a lot of what we
eat depends on animals. So, not just the
typical production animals that we think
about, which you know, like cows or
chickens, but also, you know, fish or
shrimp. And then one of the most
important workh horses um probably that
we have is the honeybee because our most
nutritious foods wouldn't grow wouldn't
exist if it wasn't for these little
animals that buzz around and pollinate
them. So apples and it's actually the
most nutritious foods that we have
wouldn't exist whether it's almonds or
pumpkins or onions. So they're extremely
important and we need to protect all of
these animals uh not just our companion
animals but also these really important
production animals, livestock,
everything that falls under it. And so
biotech has a big role to play not just
on the human side but also on the animal
side. Why don't you uh tell us what
Dalan Animal Health does and your role
there and give us some background about
your work specifically. Yeah, happy to
do so. So, Dan Animal Health focuses on
these animals. So, we're a biotech
company. We're about six and a half
years old, so we're relatively young
still, but we focus on what we called
underserved animals, which are primarily
insects, invertebrates, and we developed
the world's first vaccine for honeybees
to protect them from diseases. They get
diseases. They get sick just like any
other animals, just like we do. They get
viral infections, they get bacterial
infections. And despite the fact that
they are so important for our survival
and so not just food production but
biodiversity, you had mentioned that the
whole insect declines are extremely
extremely important in a bigger picture.
there is nothing or there was nothing
out there to really help them um fend
off diseases. And so we decided to set
out and change that and decide, you
know, these animals, they need they need
the protection. They need our care and
we can't just complain about the
insects. We also need to we need to
protect them. And so that's what we do.
I have so many questions already, but
perhaps my biggest one is how does a
honeybee vaccination actually work?
Because I imagine you're not all going
out there with tiny little syringes and
inoculating
millions of bees, which would kind of
defeat the purpose of having all these
pollinators do our work for us. How does
it work? Yeah, we we we want to be kind
to them. We want to be, you know,
careful. and you had um you know some
some of us are older and when when I was
a child I remember how the nurse came to
school and gave us a sugar cube with um
the polio vaccine on it and this is very
similar. The queen um gets a sugar paste
to eat in her early stages before she
gets introduced into the new colony and
we just mix the vaccine. It's a it's an
oral vaccine. It's a liquid. We mix it
into that sugar paste and she takes it
up by eating in in a nutshell and then
she spreads it I guess to her offspring.
Right. So so insects have this
interesting phenomenon that the maternal
animal passes on
information about a disease that is in
the environment to the next generation.
And and the the queen does this via the
the eggs. So she there's a disease in
the hive. There are pathogens in the
hives. She can't get sick. A lot of
these these diseases are infant
diseases. They're laral diseases. So
they threaten the brute just when they
when they emerge from the egg. And so
the queen takes these pathogens up and
passes little pieces of it to her
ovaries. And the developing larae will
see this piece of a pathogen and say,
"Oh, there's something out there." where
the immune system gets upregulated and
before they hatch and they are protected
when they hatch. And this is a mechanism
that is widely seen in insects and
invertebrates and actually also in
chickens and and and other animals. And
so what we do is just use that naturally
occurring phenomenon and where we only
have to vaccinate the queen or expose
the queen to a dead bacteria that can't
infect anything and the next generation
is protected. It's pretty clever little,
you know, magic wand that you, you know,
put over the hive. So within the field
of animal biotech or even more
specifically rare animal biotech or even
more specifically B vaccine biotech, I
can imagine multiple different areas of
what you'd call business or value ad
creation. So there's the raw science of
like what does the molecular structure
of a B vaccine look like? Then I would
imagine there is the challenge of
turning raw science into something
productized that can be distributed and
sold at a profit. And then there's the
actual sort of distribution of it. So
going out to the actual customers,
here's a product that exists. Where does
your company sit specifically? How much
is it at the raw science level and how
much is it the productization of raw
science? All of it. I'm laughing. You
don't see me laughing, but I'm I'm
laughing because that was actually what
we were faced with when we decided to do
this company. This was very early
academic research at the University of
Helsinki when I by accident stumbled
across it. The university had brought me
in to look at their life science
portfolio to see if there's a company
that could be spun out if technology a
patent that could be licensed to an
existing company. And typically when you
do this you know you see a lot of really
interesting research. I mean
universities are full with just amazing
amazing research but you know often is
there incremental small you know
improvements that are really important
to move us forward but they're rarely
these completely out of the box idea put
it this way and so I stumbled the the
researcher happened to be in the office
at the university when I was there and
the director called her in and said you
know Dalia why don't you tell these
folks about your idea for a beac vaccine
and I just got really intrigued because
you know somebody needed to do something
I told myself and you know this is your
cso founding cso I'm looking at your
website dalia fry talk right and so so
she's a professor at the university of
gratz she was at Helsinki and now she's
in gratz and so this was really early
research very early data showing that
this might be possible the company then
had to start completely from scratch to
find a strain to go out and you know
infected hives build a strain collection
you know go to the regulator there was
no regulatory path there was no
development path how do you conduct
clinical trials nobody had ever done
this before so there were was the whole
development of the product that could
then go out into the market and then
there was no model of how There were no
challen I mean if you if you develop a
new shoe you go to a shoe store and
that's where you sell the shoe for a bee
vaccine there was that didn't exist so
there was no distribution there's no
there's no bee clinics out there no
there's no retailer on Fifth Avenue
where you get your insect vaccines
there's no channel yeah you know if your
beehive is sick you're not going to call
a veterinarian and say or carry the hive
into the veterary clinic and say can you
look at my queen you right? That doesn't
you you call your neighbor, you call you
know your father or your grandfather
that had bees. So it's a complete even
these large beekeepers and in the US
when we're talking large beekeepers,
they have 70
100,000
120,000
colonies. Wow. These are massive
operations that are pollinating our crop
during this our apples you know the
beautiful apples that you get you know
with whole foods and it's like they they
need these big beekeepers these big
producers but still there is no
veterinarian that comes by there is no
you know so it didn't exist so we have
we are creating
everything D basically is writing the
playbook on how do you develop these
products? How do you get them licensed?
How do you commercialize them? How do
you roll it out? How do you work with
the industry and not just with the
industry with state veterinarians with
it's much bigger and these are these are
global problems. I I was talking to one
state government veterinarian in Europe
who was then asking me, well, we don't
know really know what to do here. What's
the opinion of the World Health
Organization? And I was like, you must
be kidding me. He's like, the World
Health, let me call them, you know, let
me pick up my phone and figure out what
they have to say about this. So really
what what we had to do is the whole from
bench to customer and was the customer
and it's it's exciting when you have an
opportunity to do that and um to figure
it out.
[Music]
I have so many questions about this, not
just the the regulatory portion of this
and the commercialization, but
specifically to begin with on the
funding side. So, you're doing something
relatively new and I imagine if you go
to a traditional venture capitalist or a
traditional investor in biotech and you
say, "I have a B vaccine." I'm sure some
of them are very excited because it's
novel and it sounds kind of cool. But on
the other hand, it is this kind of brand
new thing and I could see some people
being a little bit surprised. What are
those conversations like when you're
first trying to raise funding? Right.
So, it has changed a lot over the last
six years thankfully.
But in the beginning when I set out it
was really clear we did not fit any
investment themes.
So we're not animal health because even
though bees are classified as livestock
they are not you know it's the pets it's
the companion animals uh which the
biggest but then the traditional ones
the cows and the chickens but not bees
that just falls outside animal health
investment. On the aquaculture side,
most architect investors will look at
microbiomes of trees, drones,
surveillance, more position,
archaculture,
technologydriven AI, those themes. And
then you have the food tech investors
which are further upstream, right? They
they look at the honey but they don't
look where the honey came from. So we
fell into this complete no man's land.
There was in food tech. There were a
couple of investors that at the time a
lot of money was going into alternative
protein production to lower, you know,
to be more sustainable, lower CO2 impact
and meat. Oh, yeah. The fake meats,
right? The meal worms and and and
grasshoppers for animal feed and and
human food production.
They were really interested in this
because they said, "Well, we had a
complete blind spot that these animals
could get sick too, but vaccines was not
in their in their target. So, they
couldn't invest in us." So, there was
literally nobody that So, it was it in
the beginning it was heavily um angel
funded because angels uh yes, they want
to make money. These are rich
individuals that that want to um make
you know money with their investments
but they also they are driven by by they
want to do you know good in the world
with with their wealth. So the the
return expectations are and the time
frame is a little bit different and so
they they really backed this. So we were
entirely entirely angel funded and then
a lot globally. So not not very few US
actually European Canadian growers um
that came from the agricultural space
from the animal health space but not VCs
and it was in 2022 um I don't you might
remember when the market went down it
was a horrible time for everyone
especially startups within a few weeks
all the discussions that I had with
fundraising you know people were jumping
off left and right And somebody asked me
to speak at a climate and space
conference. And I said, "Climate and
space? But when you're raising money,
you take every opportunity you can to to
spread the word." So I went and there
were these amazing
talks about, you know, refueling
stations in space and and and you know,
hotels and, you know, whatever you have
and these batteries and and everything.
And and then I came with my with my B
vaccine and it telling the audience that
this is this is great that you know
because of climate change we have to go
to other planets and we have to be pre
prepared for this but in the meantime we
really need to solve this problem
because we're never going to be able to
solve it here on this planet or any
other planet if we don't protect
insects. We may not like them, but they
are incredibly important for human
survival, plant survival. All living
organisms need these little, you know,
we we can do wetland restoration. It
doesn't matter if we don't have insects
to live in them. And sure enough, at the
end of the night, uh, I had was
approached by several climate investors,
VCs,
sustainability and climate that
understood the importance of what we
were doing and had, you know, more
flexible investment themes and a longer
term horizon. And I I was able to get
funding and so now a lot of the
investors that we're talking to come
from that space. I think this is so
fascinating because something that's
come up in the podcast before in various
contexts is this idea that like you know
we think of like this wall of capital
out there that exists and it's seeking
return but whether it's banks whether
it's VCs whether it's private credit
firms etc there is specialization and
there are categories of things and we
talk a lot about this particularly more
often in the context of certain energy
techs They sometimes they call it the
missing middle. This idea that there are
theoretically profitable investments out
there, but it's just not in anyone's
specific wheelhouse and no one is in
charge of the B vaccine,
you know. Yeah. So, it's like not
something that someone has specialized
in. So, even the theoretically
profitable on some time horizon
investment doesn't happen because there
isn't that I guess domain knowledge or
very specific domain knowledge. where
are you today in terms of both funding
but also in productization and
distribution right and and and I think
there's one really important aspect to
it I believe the one of the reasons why
there is you know you have the
specialization and you have these I mean
investors are they they are willing to
take risks banks are willing to take
risks but there is still going to be an
assessment of return and assessment of
return you can only do if you know the
market. If you have understanding of how
the market works, how the go-to market
strategy is, who's going to pay for it?
If you are pro developing a product that
the world hasn't seen before, yeah, how
are you going to price it? Right. What
you know, it's like it's a total crystal
ball that's in front of you and
investors are managing other people's
money, right? you know, it's like they
they can't, you know, it's it's a it's a
huge hurdle to to make the argument we
believe that, you know, somebody is
going to pay X for this novel product
because, you know, if you go out and do
market research and we've done that and
and ask if there was a B vaccine, how
much would you pay, right? An investor
expects you to do that and but people
have no concept. This is like if you go
out, you know, would you pay $1,000 for
an iPhone and you've never seen it? You
say, Are you Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so
you have to really get push hard as
quickly as possible. Get the product
out. You know, most biotech products
take 10, 15 years and millions of
dollars. We had to do this in rapid time
to get there with total focus and show
that the market that there is a need
that we're solving a problem that
actually exists and that people are
willing to buy it because the problem is
so large. So we are we completed our
first year of commercialization first
full season. These animals are seasonal
animals. They they hibernate over the
winter and then the the the almond
pollination kicks off the new season
which just happened in in California.
So we had a lot of beekeepers interested
in it. We had initial sales. We did a
lot of you know this is high touch. You
have to know these people. They have to
learn. We we weren't you know an unknown
little company.
and the first product, who are these
people? So, we had to overcome this. And
so, now the second year, the season just
barely started. And we already have like
five times as many purchase orders than
we had at the same time last year. Many
more customers. I think there was
another five to six time increase in in
customer that come to us. Now people are
coming to us, they've heard about it. So
there's a lot of um you know in in in
agriculture you know if if your
livelihood depends on it you won't just
purchase a new product and apply it in
your entire operation right you will it
out in you know 1% know in a couple of
hives maybe a 100 hives then the next
year you say okay okay this is fine I'm
going to test it in 20% of my operation
and then at some point when once you see
that it's really it really turns the
corner for you then it's when you place
uh when you when you adopt it 100%.
either you're going to adopt it or
you're not going to adopt it. And so
that is what we are seeing that the
customers that are we have the returning
customers that have placed larger orders
with more customers coming. So it's it's
going really in a right direction. I
mean this is a licensed product. This is
an animal vaccine. It's not a
supplement. So it's we can tell people
it is working in preventing you know
American foul route but it's a journey.
It's a real journey.
[Music]
So the B vaccine is not the only thing
you've been working on. And uh you're
also working on a a shrimp vaccine which
as far as I understand it operates on
similar principles. Would you anticipate
that the development and the funding and
the commercialization of a shrimp
vaccine? Would that be easier now that
you've done the bee vaccine? Or is it
still the case that you know shrimps in
aquaculture are completely different to
bees operating in commercial hives or in
agriculture? actually the the reason why
we ch so yes it's going to be easier it
is easier so investors that we're
talking to now because you know the
market in bees nobody understands you
know what what are the losses you know
how many millions is this actually
what's the impact on you know losing
three hives what does that what are the
the real you know solid numbers are much
more difficult to get to shrimp industry
We know that there are 4 to7 billion
dollars of losses due to disease every
single year. These are staggering
numbers. One disease widespot can be a
billion dollar in losses a year. This is
very well documented. We know it's a 43
or 46 billion industry because the
market is much better known because
people have tried to develop
prophylactic solutions, tried to develop
vaccines. There is in the last last 15
years the emergence. Wait, what's a
sorry what's a prophylactic solution to
white spot in shrimp? Oh, a vaccine that
you give to prevent a a disease. Ah,
okay. So that you know make sure you
don't get sick before the disease rather
than treating once the the disease okay
I had a slightly different image in my
mind but go on
so yeah so it's it's much better
understood people have tried to develop
it there are there are many approaches
through better feed through better
genetics of the shrimp that are more
disease resistant so there's a lot of
money flowing into this area and and and
the market is much better understood and
so you can do price calculations much
more easily and the return on investment
and all the the you know most of the big
animal health companies are looking at
this space. They they might already be
in aquaculture with salmon or tilapia
with with other species and might want
to expand into this and then the big
feed companies whether it's it's you
know there there are a bunch of them
that sell into that industry and
understand it very well and investors
then it makes it much easier for
investors to to assess the risk profile.
What is the state? You know, either for
your company directly or the peers that
you talk to when you go to industry
conferences and such. You know, we've
talked about it a little bit on this
show, the sort of cut back in funding
for pure science, which is obviously the
precursor to having a company, as you
said, your co-founder had been working
on this in a lab in Helsinki. Can you
give us a little bit of the landscape of
like what you see happening on the pure
science front and how it compares to
Europe and if you have any visibility
into it, what's happening in China? But
again, I don't know if that's something
that you have is is but I'm sure you
have at least US and Europe visibility
into the um the science funding
landscape. Right. From a company
perspective,
we so far have not relied on any
government money to support science.
there are a lot of you know SBI and so
these grant mechanisms that are out
there to fund science in you know
product directed science and we have
stayed away for it for from a from a
number of reasons because it's you know
it can get political and you're always
you know wherever the the wind blows and
and we just don't want to get distracted
with this there are very very very
lucrative funding mechanisms in Europe
where the European Union backs
innovation and it appears to be why
they're very competitive. It's billions
of dollars that are dedicated towards
that and a lot of and and I think that's
probably where a lot of research is
going to go. I would think this if this
continues the lack of of resources
available to universities in this
country we have to see how this plays
out. But from a company perspective, I
think from a regulatory environment or
from
the ease of accessing
capital from private markets, I would
think US is still leading this
regardless independent on what happens.
Of course, do we feel it in in
discussions with investors? the
uncertainty in the economic climate.
Before like 2022, every investor would
ask, "If you had more money, you know,
can you accelerate a second?" Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That question doesn't come
that often anymore. Can we drisk this a
little bit? So, the US capital markets
are still the best in the world, but
they're not trying to basically stuff
your pockets full of money the way they
were a couple of years ago. That's
correct. they're a little bit more, you
know, how is this going to play out? I
think everybody is in a in a, you know,
holding pattern, but there's definitely
money out there to be deployed. Got it.
So, it strikes me that what we've been
talking about. Obviously, very creative
solutions to ongoing problems. And you
know, people might be aware of the
decline of honeybees, but perhaps
they're not as aware of the problem of
white spot in commercially farmed
shrimp. How do you go about actually
selecting your next targets? H it was a
decision based on what do we know the
most problematic diseases from the
economic impact
and we know that we knew that our
approach of vaccination of the queen is
effective against a number of diseases
when we test it in the lab and when we
see how the vaccine performs in the
field that we said okay what what are
the biggest bacterial and virus al
diseases for shrimp globally, whether
whether this is in in Southeast Asia,
whether it's in in, you know, in
Ecuador, in China, what are the the
biggest problems? And that's where white
spot just really is at the top. And then
early mortality syndrome there, they're
there on the bacterial side. But
widespot is definitely the disease that
can wipe out an operation when it hits a
farm, when it hits in three to seven
days, the entire shrimp are dead. Wow.
And it it's rapid and you lose an entire
harvest. So for a farmer and typically
you can't clean up you know antibi so
right now for bacterial diseases farmers
still use antibiotics because they don't
have anything else you know chemicals
all kinds of treatments when they see
that something is happening. But when
white spot happens it's very very
difficult to clean up the ponds. We
pretty much have to abandon them and
then find a new spot and make new ponds.
And that impact on the environment. You
know, shrimp is one of the most
nutrientrich
lean protein that can be grown at large
scale and is consumed at at you know big
amounts around the world. And it could
be the most sustainably grown protein. H
it's not it's not because of the
chemicals that are needed because of the
mangroves that have to be cut down
because of the the other impacts because
we don't have vaccines to prevent that
from happening. And that's why we you
know we need we need more shrimp. We
picked shrimp also because it is so such
an important protein and growing. The
consumption worldwide is growing and
it's relatively cost-ffective. Yeah. To
produce, but the impact is just
devastating. And rather than saying,
okay, let's get rid of all the shrimp
product. That's not a solution, right?
We have to just what we did with
chickens or cows or honeybees, make them
healthier so that the impact on the
environment is reduced and of course the
shrimp don't die, you know, in the pot.
Yeah. And so they can survive. um the
industrialized scale at which we seem to
farm them nowadays. But Annette, that
was so interesting and I I love a chance
to talk about honeybean vaccines and
shrimp vaccines. So, thank you so much
for coming on thoughts. Well, thank you
for having me. It was a pleasure.
[Music]
Joe, I just find this particular area of
biotech just really interesting and also
more and more relevant, right? It seems
like there's no doubt that there's
increased pressure on our food supply
and we're having to be more creative in
figuring out ways to feed everyone all
the things that people seem to want to
eat. And usually that means
commercialized industrialized farming,
right? And a lot of those conditions for
animals are not great as we discussed in
our chicken series. And so finding ways
of keeping them healthier so that they
can survive and preferably even thrive
in some of those environments, although
I'm guessing that's a long shot, but so
that they can survive and and actually
become food and satisfy people's needs.
That seems more important than ever.
While we were recording this, Tracy Ibed
me and she says she hates shrimp. I
didn't know that. I like shrimp a lot. I
I I I want I I I could eat uh a lot of
shrimp. Um you know, I thought that was
fascinating, you know, the sort of
investing under extreme uncertainty. You
know, we should have on the podcast
again sometime is um we talked to him.
Remember Bill Janeway? Oh yeah. The VC.
And he talks about like he's a venture
capitalist and he's also an economist
and he talks about like basically you
know investing under and this is when
under extreme uncertainty and this is
extreme extreme uncertainty because it's
actual life science as she said you have
no way of pricing it. You don't know the
market size. You don't know what they're
going to pay. You don't have a
distribution channel because it's not a
veterinary medicine where the
veterinarians are kind of um service
salespeople etc. So how you go about
pricing that and how you go about from
sort of lab to company and make that
initial step and then there's it's not
really falls in anyone's category is to
me just such a fascinating economics
question. Absolutely. And the one other
thing I want to I want to put in here.
This is a call to action for listeners
but I've been wanting to do an episode
on gender selection technologies in
agriculture for a long time. So, you
know, there's a huge amount of waste if
you're breeding something like cattle or
chickens because you don't want a bunch
of roosters if you're trying to farm
eggs or you don't want a bunch of bulls
if you're trying to produce milk. And I
know there are companies working on this
particular technology. I don't know the
name specifically. I don't know if we
can get them to come on the show, but if
anyone has any connections to them,
please uh let let them know that we want
to talk. Tracy, I'm going to bring this
back to World War II history. Real
quickly, this is my other takeaway of
reading about the history of war. The
males are very expendable. This is like
right like countries lose millions of
men and continue to operate. And so it's
similar to animals in that respect. I'm
not going to say anything. Okay. Shall
we leave it there? Let's leave it there.
This has been another episode of the All
Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy Aloway. You
can follow me at Tracy Aloway. And I'm
Joe Weisenthal. You can follow me at the
stalwart. Follow our guest Annette
Kicer. She's Annette Klyer. Follow our
producers, Carmen Rodriguez at Carmen
Arman, Dashel Bennett at Dashbot, and
Kalebrooks at Kalebrooks. For more
OddLots content, go to
bloomberg.com/odlotss.
We have all of our episodes in a daily
newsletter, and you can chat about all
of these topics 24/7 in our Discord,
discord.gg/odlots.
And if you enjoy OddLotss, if you like
it when Joe brings up how expendable the
uh males of the species actually are,
then please leave us a positive review
on your favorite podcast platform. And
remember, if you are a Bloomberg
subscriber, you can listen to all of our
episodes absolutely adree. All you need
to do is find the Bloomberg channel on
Apple Podcast and follow the
instructions there. Thanks for
listening.
Yeah.
[Music]